What is brown and sticky?  A stick.
What is orange and sounds like a parrot?  A carrot
How do you catch a unique rabbit?  "Unique" up on it.  How do you catch a tame rabbit?  "Tame" way.
What do you call a defective boomerang?  A stick.
Why did the monkey fall out of the tree?  He was dead.  Why did the chicken fall out of the tree?  He was stapled to the monkey.  Why did the squirrel fall out of the tree?  Peer pressure.
What do you call a fish with no eye?  FSH.
What do you call a deer with no eyes?  No idear.
What do you call bears with no ears?  Ba.
How do you call a dog with no legs?  Does not matter-- he cannot come to you anyway.
What do you do with a dog with no legs?  Take him out for a drag.
When geese fly south, why is one side of the V usually longer than the other?  There are more geese on that side.
What do you call Santa's helpers?  Subordinate clauses.
What is yellow and gooey and smells like bananas?  Monkey snot.
Why do gorillas have big nostrils?  They have big fingers.
Why does Tigger smell bad?  He is always playing with Pooh.
What do Billy the Kid and Winnie the Pooh have in common?  Same middle name.
What do you call a missing parrot?  A polygon.
Did you hear about the cat who swallowed a ball of yarn?  She had mittens.
Did you hear about the human cannonball who lost his job?  They needed a guy of better caliber.
What do you get when you cross an alligator and a railroad track?  Three pieces of alligator.
How do you make a raspberry shake?  Put it into the freezer until it shivers.
What is green and sings?  Elvis Parsley.
How do you make a peach into a vegetable?  Step on it and make it squash.
Why did the orange stop running?  It ran out of juice.
You know how to make gold soup?  Add 24 carrots.
What is the difference between roast beef and pea soup?  Anyone can roast beef.
A mushroom walks into a bar. The bartender says, "We do not serve vegetables!"  The mushroom responds, "But I am a fun guy!"
What do you call a cow who has lost a child?  Decaffeinated.
What do you call a cow in tall grass?  Utterly tickled.
What do you call a cow with no legs?  Ground beef.
What do you call a cow with two legs?  Lean beef.
What do you call a cow who gives no milk?  A milk dud. (Or an udder failure, of course).
You hear about Bill the cannibal?  Relatively ordinary guy, had a house, a wife, ate children.
Why do cannibals not eat clowns?  They taste funny.
One atom bumps into another. The first one says, "You okay?"  The other answers, "No, I think I lost an electron."  The first asks, "Are you sure?"  "Yeah," the other replies. "I am positive!"
So a neutron walks into a bar and asks how much for a beer. The bartender replies, "For you? No charge."
What do you call someone who is afraid of Santa?  Claustrophobic.
What kind of pants do storm clouds wear?  Thunderware.
Why did the bacon laugh?  Because the egg cracked a yolk.
Why did the doughnut seller retire?  Because he was afraid of the hole business.
What is the best thing about poisonous snakes?  They have got poisonality.
What did the baby computer call its father?  Data.
How many programmers does it take to change a lightbulb?  They cannot do it; it is a hardware problem.
Why did Aurora University ban scissors?  To keep students from cutting class.
What is brown and sounds like a bell?  Dung.
What do lemons drink when they get sick?  A lemon aide.
What has happened when music starts coming out of the printer?  It is jamming again.
Why is a mushroom always invited to parties?  He is a fun guy.
So, what seems odd?   Numbers that are not evenly divisible by 2.
So, how many therapists does it take to change a lightbulb?  Only one, but the lightbulb needs to want to change.
There is a fine line between a numerator and a denominator.
What do you call a seagull that flies over a bay?  A bay gull.
What do you call it when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
What did the pony say when he had a sore throat?  Sorry, I am a little horse.
What did the father buffalo say to his son when he left for college?  Bison.
What is black and white and red all over?  A sunburnt  Zebra.
Why is a "high fiving" cat a bad disk jockey?  Cause he keeps hitting paws.
Who is the hottest knight at the round table?  Sir Racha.
Who was the roundest knight at the round table?  Circumference. or Sir Round. or Circular.  Who described those knights at night?  Circulate.
Who was the most observant knight at the round table?  Surveillance.
Which knight at the round table liked beer?  Sir Vay Saa.
Which knight at the round table had a situation?  Sir come stance.
Who was the meatiest knight at the round table?  Sir loin.
Who was the best doctor at the round table?  Sir Gin.
What knight had the prettiest face at the round table?  Sir face.
Who was the last knight at the round table? Sir Ender.
Which knight at the round table got an award?  Sir Prize.
Which knight had some liver problems?  Sir Osis.
Who was the most intense knight at the round table?  Sir Vere.
Which knight at the round table taxed too many people?  Sir Tax.
Which knight at the round table allowed people to get through a gate?  Sir Pass.
Which knight at the round table had the most wet hair?  Sir Fur.
Which knight at the round table was the most truthful person?  Sir Real.
Which knight at the round table swore the most?  Sir Cuss.
Which knight at the round table had the electrical knife?  Sir Cut.
Which electrical knight at the round table was the most expensive?  Sir Charge.
What does a sub-atomic duck say?  Quirk.
What was Betsy Ross' favorite sport?  Flag Football.
What do you call a number that wanders?  Roman Numeral.
Why did the scientist put a door knocker on his door?  He wanted a Nobel prize.
Why do potatoes make good detectives?  Because they keep their eyes pealed.
How did the telephone propose to his girlfriend?  He gave her a ring.
What did the admiral say to his girlfriend?  I war ship you.
Why did the rabbit fall?  No bunny knows.
Why should you  never play poker with the worlds fastest animal?  Because he is a cheetah.
Why do people not eat clocks?  It is too time consuming.
What did the vegetable say to the DJ farmer?  Lettuce turn up the beet.
Why was the sand on a beach wet?  Because the sea weed.
Did you hear the pizza joke?  Never mind, it is too cheezy.
If you are Russian when you enter the bathroom and Finnish when you leave, what are you when in the bathroom?  European.
So past, present, and future walk into a bar.  What does the bartender say?  "Too tense."  OR "it is about time."
What do you call a muddy chicken that crosses the road twice?  "A dirty double-crosser."
Why was the patriotic pig wearing tap dance shoes?  Because it was in the pen dance day.
Two melons want run away to Las Vegas and get married.  What does the father melon say?   "Cantalope"
What do you call a young dumb mathematical sheep?  Lamb Daah
What does an angry French hockey player do when there is a warm winter?  La Cross.
What do you call eight Hobbits?  A Hob Byte.
So a woman is pregnant and goes into a coma. A few months later she wakes up and the nurse tells her she successfully gave birth to twins - a boy and a girl. The nurse also tells her that her brother named the children. The mother asked what the girl was named and the nurse says Denise. The mother says that she likes Denise. What about the boy? The nurse says Da nephew.
Why do programmers like Java more than other programming languages?  Cause they cannot C sharp.
What do you say to two numbers that are going away?  Binomials
Why could the letter O never get to where it was going?  Because it was stuck in a loop.
What do you call deteriorating fish poop sitting in mud?  Dirty rotten bass turd.
What do you call a previous days poop?  Yes! Turd Day.
What do you call the day when you pooped on a chair that you were sitting on?  Sat Turd Day.
What do you call an eastern European friend that plays chess?  Checkmate.
What are all pirate movies rated? R
What do you call a small cute door?  Adorable.
I have been reading a book about anti-gravity.  It is impossible to put down.
I used to be the smartest computer guy ever.  Then, I lost my drive.
Why did the horse always come across so negatively?  He was a nay sayer.
When is a door not a door?  When it is a jar.
What do you call shoes made of bananas?  Slippers.  The shoes were not appealing.
So you dance in front of your class with your hands wide open.  What are you asking for? A Ten Dance.
Why did the man become an Archiologist?  Because his career was in ruins.
What do you call a versatile mountain goat?  Dynamic Ram.
Who is the best resistance detector? Sherlock Ohms
Why does a chicken coup only have two doors?  Because if it had four doors, it would be a sedan.
What did the acorn say when it grew up?  Gee, I'm a tree.
What do grumpy people eat on their birthday?  Crab cake.
How many software engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?  They cannot do it; it is a hardware problem.
What do you call a large, yellow, goofy vehicle that makes plans for students?  A silly bus.
What do you call a family that is sleeping during the day?  A Nap Kin.
Why are coffee beans such trouble makers?  They always end up in hot water.
What do you call an arrogant criminal when he walks down stairs?  A condescending con descending.
What did the cat on the smart phone say?  Can you hear meow?
What do you call a kid who doesn't believe in Santa?  A rebel without a clause.
Why do Nor wee gin battle ships have barcodes on them?  They need to scan da navy in.
Where do sled drivers keep all of their huskies?  In the mush room.
So why did Waldo always wear striped shirts?  Because he didn't want to get spotted.
What do you do with epilectic lettus?  Make a seizure salad.
What do get when you cross a fish with a self-learning program?  are tee fish all intelligence.
What does a pirate say to his friend after he just turned 80?  Hi Matey.
Why do most programmers do better in the morning?  They have Java.
What do you call a man sits down and tries to teach topics that everybody knows?  Chair Man of the Board.
What did the necktie say to the hat?  You go on a head; I will hang around.
What do you call a funny criminal with a cold named Ted?  Con Jest Ted.
What do you call an average golfer who likes pizza?  Par Cheezy.
What do you call it when you have to pee with a friend in the same country?  Urine nation is my nation.
What did the under score say about tomorrow?  Tilda next day.
A limbo player walks into a bar. He was disqualified. 
What do you call a criminal feline in a country?  Concatenation.